suggestions to update README (#3290)
qdrant/qdrant: README.md

### Filtering and Payload

Qdrant can attach any JSON payloads to vectors, allowing for both the storage and filtering of data based on the values in these payloads.

> Payload supports a wide range of data types and query conditions, including keyword matching, full-text filtering, numerical ranges, geo-locations, and more.

Reviewer: I'd prefer not using the "full-text filtering" since readers coming from Elastic might confuse it with full-text search
```suggestion
Payload supports a wide range of data types and query conditions, including keyword matching, exact text filtering, numerical ranges, geo-locations, and more.
```

Author: it was about full-text search, actually.

Filtering conditions can be combined in various ways, including `should`, `must`, and `must_not` clauses,
ensuring that you can implement any desired business logic on top of similarity matching.

### Hybrid Search with Sparse Vectors

> To address the limitations of vector embeddings when searching for specific keywords,
> Qdrant introduces support for sparse vectors in addition to the regular dense ones.

Reviewer: Continuous sentence
```suggestion
To address the limitations of vector embeddings when searching for specific keywords, Qdrant introduces support for sparse vectors in addition to the regular dense ones.
```

> Sparse vectors can be viewed as an extension of BM25 or TF-IDF searches.
> However, they also harness the capabilities of transformer-based neural networks to weigh individual tokens effectively.

Reviewer: Want to highlight that this extension/generalisation is a good thing, and not a limitation with "However"

```suggestion
Sparse vectors can be viewed as an generalisation of BM25 or TF-IDF ranking. They enable you to harness the capabilities of transformer-based neural networks to weigh individual tokens effectively.
```

### Vector Quantization and On-Disk Storage

Qdrant provides multiple options to make vector search cheaper and more resource-efficient.
Built-in vector quantization reduces RAM usage by up to 97% and dynamically manages the trade-off between search speed and precision.

### Distributed Deployment

> Qdrant offers comprehensive horizontal scaling support through two key mechanisms:
> size expansion via sharding and throughput enhancement via replication.
> 
> It enables zero-downtime rolling updates and seamless dynamic scaling of the collections.

Reviewer: Bullet points are easier to read

```suggestion
Qdrant offers comprehensive horizontal scaling support through two key mechanisms:
1. Size expansion via sharding and throughput enhancement via replication
2. Zero-downtime rolling updates and seamless dynamic scaling of the collections
```

> ### And more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Highlighted Features
```
